Documented the unresolved parameters UI in the dashboard. (#4149)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/fundamentals/external-parameters.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> However, you don't need to access this configuration value yourself in the app host. Instead, the <xref:Aspire.Hosting.ApplicationModel.ParameterResource> is used to pass the parameter value to dependent resources. Most often as an environment variable.

### Prompt for parameter values in the dashboard

> From .NET Aspire version 9.4 onwards, if your code adds parameters but doesn't set them, then you will see a prompt to configure their values in the .NET Aspire dashboard. The **Unresolved parameters** message is displayed and you can click **Enter values** to resolve the problem:

Reviewer: While it's true that this is added in 9.4, I'm trying to avoid mentioning versions outside of what's new. Since we're trying to keep everyone up-to-date with the latest, let's drop the version here.

```suggestion
If your code adds parameters but doesn't set them, you'll see a prompt to configure their values in the .NET Aspire dashboard. The **Unresolved parameters** message appears, and you can select **Enter values** to resolve the problem:
```

:::image type="content" source="./media/dashboard-unresolved-parameters-message.png" lightbox="./media/dashboard-unresolved-parameters-message.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the .NET Aspire dashboard warning that appears when there are unresolved parameters.":::

When you select **Enter values**, .NET Aspire displays a form that you can use to configure values for each of the missing parameters.

You can also control how the dashboard displays these parameters, by using these methods:

> - `WithDescription`: Use this method to provide a text description that helps users to complete the parameter.
> - `WithMarkdownDescription`: Use this method to provide a formatted description in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/) that helps users to complete the parameter.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I like the phrase "complete the parameter", the description is intended to accompany the input prompt on screen. It's really just helping describe what the input is intended for. I don't think I'd say that a user ever completes a parameter, what do you think about this instead?

```suggestion
- `WithDescription`: Use this method to provide a text description that helps users understand the purpose of the parameter.
- `WithMarkdownDescription`: Use this method to provide a formatted description in [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/) that explains the parameter's intent.
```

- `WithCustomInput`: Use this method to provide a callback method that customizes the parameter dialog. For example, in this callback you can customize the default value, input type, label, and placeholder text.

This code shows how to set a description and use the callback:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/unresolvedparameters/AppHost.cs" id="unresolvedparameters":::

The code renders this control in the dashboard:

:::image type="content" source="./media/customized-parameter-ui.png" lightbox="./media/customized-parameter-ui.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the .NET Aspire dashboard parameter completion dialog with customizations.":::

> [!NOTE]

> > Notice that the dashboard parameter dialog includes the **Save to user secret** checkbox, which you should use for sensitive values that require extra protection. For more information about secret parameter values, see [Secret values](#secret-values).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The dashboard parameter dialog includes a **Save to user secret** checkbox. Select this option to store sensitive values in your AppHost's user secrets for extra protection. For more information about secret parameter values, see [Secret values](#secret-values).
```
